0.0-8.6 seconds: "The video clip depicts a lively scene in a cozy café setting. In the foreground, three individuals are seated on a couch: a woman with blonde hair wearing a light blue shirt and a beige jacket, a woman with dark hair dressed in a patterned top, and a man in a red sweater. They appear to be engaged in a conversation. To their left, another person is seated at a small round table, facing them.  In the background, several other people are present, some standing and others sitting. The café has a warm and inviting atmosphere, with wooden furniture, floral decorations, and a counter where a few individuals are interacting. The overall ambiance suggests a casual and friendly gathering."
8.6-14.8 seconds: "A man in a black suit and tie is seated on a couch, gesturing with his right hand as he speaks. He appears to be engaged in a conversation, pointing and emphasizing his points. The background features a brick wall and a red curtain with green stripes."
14.8-22.2 seconds: "The video clip depicts a lively scene in a cozy coffee shop setting. In the foreground, three individuals are seated on a couch: one person is gesturing animatedly while speaking, another listens attentively with a slight smile, and the third appears to be engaged in the conversation. To their left, a person in a green jacket sits at a small table, facing them. The background shows several other patrons interacting, with some standing and others seated. The environment is warm and inviting, with floral decorations, vintage-style furniture, and a counter area where more people are gathered. The overall atmosphere suggests a casual and friendly gathering."
22.2-25.2 seconds: "The video clip depicts a lively scene in a cozy, dimly lit café filled with people. In the foreground, a woman wearing a green jacket over a brown dress is walking through the crowd. She appears to be engaged in conversation or looking for someone. The background shows other patrons seated at tables and standing around, some interacting with each other. The café has a warm ambiance with decorative elements like flowers and neon signs, including one shaped like a coffee cup. The overall atmosphere suggests a casual social gathering."
25.2-26.8 seconds: "The video clip depicts a lively scene in a cozy, bustling café. A woman in a green jacket is walking through the café, which is filled with people sitting at tables and on couches. The setting is warm and inviting, with brick walls, neon signs, and various decorations like sunflowers and plants. The camera then focuses on the woman as she approaches the counter, where coffee-making equipment and snacks are visible. The overall atmosphere is casual and friendly, typical of a popular neighborhood café."
26.8-27.7 seconds: "[Qwen调用失败: Error code: 400 - {'error': {'code': 'invalid_parameter_error', 'param': None, 'message': '<400> InternalError.Algo.InvalidParameter: The video modality input does not meet the requirements because: The video file is too short.', 'type': 'invalid_request_error'}, 'id': 'chatcmpl-e5373272-c8d8-90fe-8dad-2eb19a852ace', 'request_id': 'e5373272-c8d8-90fe-8dad-2eb19a852ace'}]"
27.7-35.0 seconds: "A woman in a green jacket is sitting at a counter in a coffee shop. She appears to be engaged in conversation, looking around and gesturing with her hands. In the background, other people are interacting near the counter, with one person holding a blue mug. The setting includes shelves stocked with various items such as boxes of tea and jars."
35.0-38.7 seconds: "The image depicts a lively scene in a cozy café setting. In the foreground, three individuals are seated on a couch: a woman in a light blue shirt and beige jacket, another woman in a patterned top, and a man in a red sweater with white stripes on the sleeves. They appear to be engaged in conversation. To their left, a woman in a green jacket is seated at a small round table, facing them.   In the background, several other people are present, including a woman standing behind the counter and others seated at tables or bar stools. The café has a warm and inviting atmosphere, with wooden furniture, floral decorations, and a sign that reads "Central Perk" visible through the window. The overall mood suggests a casual and friendly gathering."