0.0-4.6 seconds: "Two men in suits are standing in a hallway. The man on the right, wearing a dark suit and red tie, is adjusting the collar of the other man's green suit jacket. The man in the green suit appears to be listening or reacting to something the other man is saying. The setting includes a trash can, some framed pictures on the wall, and a box on a shelf in the background. The overall atmosphere suggests a professional or office environment."
4.6-8.3 seconds: "The video clip shows two men in a professional setting, likely an office or hallway. The man on the right is wearing a dark suit with a red tie and appears to be speaking animatedly, gesturing with his hands as he talks. He seems to be explaining something or making a point. The man on the left, dressed in a green suit, listens attentively, facing the other man. The background is plain, suggesting an indoor environment with neutral-colored walls. The interaction appears to be serious or focused."
8.3-16.8 seconds: "The video clip shows two men in a professional setting, likely an office. The man on the left is wearing a green suit with a patterned tie and appears to be speaking or reacting to something. He then looks at his watch, seemingly checking the time. The man on the right, dressed in a dark blue suit with a red tie, turns his head towards the other man, possibly in response to what he is saying. The background includes a door with a sign that reads "Chandler Bing" and some wall art. The scene suggests a moment of urgency or concern related to time."
16.8-18.1 seconds: "[Qwen调用失败: Error code: 400 - {'error': {'code': 'invalid_parameter_error', 'param': None, 'message': '<400> InternalError.Algo.InvalidParameter: The video modality input does not meet the requirements because: The video file is too short.', 'type': 'invalid_request_error'}, 'id': 'chatcmpl-34b926bb-b45c-96a7-9fc1-7c55a0431b67', 'request_id': '34b926bb-b45c-96a7-9fc1-7c55a0431b67'}]"
18.1-24.2 seconds: "Two men are standing in a doorway, engaged in a conversation. The man on the left is wearing a green suit with a white shirt and a patterned tie, while the man on the right is dressed in a dark blue suit with a light blue shirt. The man on the right is holding a piece of paper and appears to be showing it to the other man. The setting looks like an office or a professional environment, with a door labeled "Chandler" in the background and some artwork on the wall. The interaction seems serious, as both men are focused on the paper."
24.2-29.7 seconds: "Two men in suits are engaged in a conversation. The man on the left, wearing a gray suit and a patterned tie, is gesturing with his hands as he speaks, appearing animated and possibly explaining something. The man on the right, dressed in a dark blue suit and a red tie, is listening attentively. They are standing indoors, with abstract artwork visible on the wall behind them. The setting suggests a professional or formal environment."
29.7-30.5 seconds: "The video clip shows two men in a professional setting. The man on the right is wearing a dark suit with a light blue shirt and a red tie featuring white patterns. He appears to be looking down or slightly away, possibly appearing contemplative or uncomfortable. The man on the left, partially visible, is dressed in a green suit and is facing the other man, suggesting they are engaged in a conversation. The background is plain and neutral, likely an office environment."