0.0-5.8 seconds: "The video clip shows two individuals standing indoors, likely in a kitchen or dining area. The person on the left is a man wearing a gray long-sleeve shirt with his arms crossed, while the person on the right is a woman in a dark long-sleeve top. They appear to be engaged in a conversation. The background includes a purple wall with a decorative clock and a lamp with a floral pattern. There are also some kitchen items and decorations visible, such as a brick wall section and various bottles. The lighting is warm and the setting seems casual and homey."
5.8-15.2 seconds: "A woman with long, wavy brown hair is standing in a cozy, warmly lit living room. She is wearing a black leather jacket over a dark top. The background features a large window with curtains, a table with red flowers, and various pieces of furniture, including a couch and a chair. The woman appears to be speaking or reacting to something, as she is looking slightly to the side with a slight smile on her face. The overall atmosphere is casual and inviting."
15.2-17.2 seconds: "The image shows two individuals standing indoors, likely in a kitchen or dining area. The person on the left is a man wearing a gray long-sleeve shirt with his arms crossed, looking slightly to his right with a somewhat skeptical or questioning expression. The person on the right is a woman with shoulder-length brown hair, wearing a dark long-sleeve top and smiling subtly. The background includes a purple wall with decorative elements such as a starburst clock, a lamp with a floral design, and shelves with various items like bottles and a fruit bowl. The setting appears casual and homey."
17.2-22.9 seconds: "The video clip shows a man in a dark blue V-neck sweater standing in a cozy, well-decorated living room. Initially, he appears to be speaking or reacting to something with a slightly surprised or concerned expression. As the clip progresses, his demeanor changes dramatically; he raises his fists in the air and opens his mouth wide, displaying an expression of excitement or triumph. The background features warm lighting, patterned curtains, framed pictures, and various household items, contributing to a homely atmosphere."
22.9-29.0 seconds: "A woman with long, wavy brown hair is standing in a cozy living room. She is wearing a black leather jacket over a dark top. The room has a warm ambiance with soft lighting, featuring a large window with curtains, a couch with red cushions, and various decorative items such as vases and framed pictures. The woman appears to be engaged in a conversation, smiling and looking slightly to her right."
29.0-34.1 seconds: "A man in a dark blue sweater is engaged in a conversation with a woman wearing a black leather jacket. He is gesturing with his hands as he speaks, indicating an animated discussion. The setting appears to be a cozy living room with purple walls, decorative curtains, and various household items like a potted plant and framed pictures. The overall atmosphere suggests a casual and intimate interaction."
34.1-34.4 seconds: "[Qwen调用失败: Error code: 400 - {'error': {'code': 'invalid_parameter_error', 'param': None, 'message': '<400> InternalError.Algo.InvalidParameter: Invalid video file.', 'type': 'invalid_request_error'}, 'id': 'chatcmpl-bf229dae-23b8-990d-9d67-ea7bd348df87', 'request_id': 'bf229dae-23b8-990d-9d67-ea7bd348df87'}]"