0.0-0.6 seconds: "[Qwen调用失败: Error code: 400 - {'error': {'code': 'invalid_parameter_error', 'param': None, 'message': '<400> InternalError.Algo.InvalidParameter: The video modality input does not meet the requirements because: The video file is too short.', 'type': 'invalid_request_error'}, 'id': 'chatcmpl-8173e204-2242-937d-8cd3-d930267aff24', 'request_id': '8173e204-2242-937d-8cd3-d930267aff24'}]"
0.6-5.2 seconds: "A woman with long blonde hair is sitting at a kitchen table, wearing a purple shirt. She appears to be engaged in a conversation, gesturing with her hands as she speaks. The kitchen is well-equipped with various appliances and items, including a yellow kettle on the stove, a coffee maker, and several bottles and containers on the counter. On the table in front of her, there are muffins, a glass of orange juice, and a bowl. The setting suggests a casual and homey atmosphere."
5.2-9.2 seconds: "The video clip shows a cozy, well-decorated apartment with three characters. Two women are seated at a table, engaged in conversation. One woman is wearing a blue top and patterned pants, while the other is dressed in a white t-shirt and black shorts. A man in a beige suit and blue tie enters from the left, carrying a tray with drinks, which he places on the table. The setting includes a vintage refrigerator adorned with magnets, a kitchen area with various decorations, and a living room with a couch and lamp. Text overlays indicate the writers ("Michael Curtis & Gregory S. Malins") and director ("Gail Mancuso"). The atmosphere appears casual and friendly."
9.2-20.0 seconds: "The video clip shows a woman sitting at a kitchen table, engaged in conversation. She is wearing a blue shirt and has blonde hair. The kitchen is well-equipped with various items such as a stove, a yellow kettle, and several utensils and containers on the shelves. On the table, there are bowls, a cup of orange juice, and some baked goods. Another person is pouring coffee into a cup from a glass carafe. The woman gestures with her hands as she speaks, indicating an animated discussion. The overall setting suggests a casual and cozy domestic environment."
20.0-20.7 seconds: "The video clip shows a group of people seated around a table in a cozy, cluttered room filled with various objects and decorations. The person in the center, wearing a purple shirt and a light-colored jacket, is gesturing with their hand while speaking, appearing animated and engaged in conversation. The table is set with food and drinks, including coffee cups and plates. The background includes shelves with books, jars, and other items, contributing to a warm and lived-in atmosphere. Other individuals at the table are partially visible, suggesting a social gathering or meal."
20.7-27.6 seconds: "A woman with blonde hair, wearing a blue shirt, is sitting at a kitchen table and talking animatedly. She is gesturing with her hands, which are adorned with multiple rings. The kitchen has a retro feel, with blue cabinets, a yellow kettle on the stove, and various kitchen items in the background. There is another person partially visible on the right side of the frame, also seated at the table. The table is set with a bowl, a cup of orange juice, and some pastries."