0.0-7.9 seconds: "The video clip shows two individuals sitting on a brown couch in what appears to be a cozy, warmly lit café or living room setting. The person on the left, wearing a blue shirt and jeans, is holding a white mug with a diamond pattern and takes a sip from it before placing it back on the table. The person on the right, dressed in a dark top, is gesturing with their hands while speaking. On the table in front of them are various items, including a yellow mug, a black mug, a small vase with flowers, and a metallic container. The background features shelves with books and other items, contributing to the casual and inviting atmosphere."
7.9-8.8 seconds: "The video clip shows a person holding a tray with a cup and some flowers, standing in what appears to be a café or restaurant setting. The background includes other people engaged in various activities, such as walking and conversing. The environment has a cozy, indoor ambiance with brick walls and shelves stocked with items. The person in focus is wearing a light-colored shirt and seems to be serving or presenting the tray."
8.8-10.2 seconds: "The video clip depicts a lively indoor gathering in a cozy, warmly lit room with brick walls and comfortable furniture. Several people are present, engaging in conversation and social interaction. In the foreground, a man is seated on a couch, smiling and holding a drink. Behind him, a woman with long blonde hair is standing and appears to be speaking animatedly, gesturing with her hands. Another woman stands nearby, also engaged in the conversation. The background shows additional people mingling and enjoying the atmosphere. The setting suggests a friendly and relaxed social event."
10.2-12.5 seconds: "The image depicts a scene set in a cozy, brick-walled café with a warm and inviting atmosphere. In the foreground, a man is seated on a couch, holding a book or notebook, wearing a light pink shirt. Next to him, a woman stands, dressed in a black top with a decorative, patterned apron. She appears to be engaged in conversation with someone off-screen. In the background, another person is working behind the counter, which is stocked with various items like coffee supplies and snacks. The setting suggests a casual, friendly environment, typical of a neighborhood café."
12.5-15.3 seconds: "The video clip depicts a cozy, warmly lit café setting with several people gathered. In the foreground, a woman in a black shirt and apron is walking past a group of four individuals seated on a couch and chairs. The group appears engaged in conversation, with one person holding a mug. The café has a rustic ambiance with brick walls, patterned rugs, and various tables and chairs scattered around. Other patrons are visible in the background, some sitting at tables and others standing or walking. The overall atmosphere is casual and inviting."
15.3-18.2 seconds: "A man in a pink striped shirt is sitting and holding a piece of paper. He looks to his right with a slight smile, then turns his head back to the front while still smiling. The background shows a cozy indoor setting with shelves, a brick wall, and other people moving around."
18.2-19.2 seconds: "The video clip shows three individuals seated on a couch in a cozy, warmly lit room that resembles a café or lounge. The person in the center is animatedly speaking and gesturing with their hands, while the person on the left listens attentively. The person on the right appears to be smiling and engaged in the conversation. On the table in front of them are various items, including cups and a small plant. In the background, another person is walking past, adding to the lively atmosphere of the scene."
19.2-20.2 seconds: "The video clip shows a man sitting on a couch in what appears to be a cozy, warmly lit room with a brick wall and various decorations in the background. He is wearing a light blue shirt over a pink collared shirt and is holding a small bouquet of flowers. The man is gesturing with his right hand while speaking, suggesting he is engaged in a conversation. To his right, partially visible, is a woman with long hair, also seated on the couch. The setting gives off a casual and intimate vibe, possibly from a sitcom or a similar type of show."
20.2-20.7 seconds: "[Qwen调用失败: Error code: 400 - {'error': {'code': 'invalid_parameter_error', 'param': None, 'message': '<400> InternalError.Algo.InvalidParameter: The video modality input does not meet the requirements because: The video file is too short.', 'type': 'invalid_request_error'}, 'id': 'chatcmpl-4e447eff-08c6-9b1a-ac35-3450c3f28195', 'request_id': '4e447eff-08c6-9b1a-ac35-3450c3f28195'}]"