0.0-0.8 seconds: "[Qwen调用失败: Error code: 400 - {'error': {'code': 'invalid_parameter_error', 'param': None, 'message': '<400> InternalError.Algo.InvalidParameter: The video modality input does not meet the requirements because: The video file is too short.', 'type': 'invalid_request_error'}, 'id': 'chatcmpl-b5071021-6353-9539-9a18-9d64c77167a3', 'request_id': 'b5071021-6353-9539-9a18-9d64c77167a3'}]"
0.8-5.4 seconds: "A woman with long blonde hair is sitting in a brown armchair, wearing a light gray cardigan over a white top. She appears to be engaged in a conversation, gesturing with her hands as she speaks. The background shows a cozy living room setting with a brick wall, a couch, and a coffee table with various items on it. Another person is partially visible in the background, seated on the couch. Text overlay on the screen reads "SUPERVISING PRODUCER TODD STEVENS.""
5.4-8.0 seconds: "A woman with long blonde hair is sitting in a brown armchair. She is wearing a white top and a light blue cardigan. The background shows a cozy indoor setting with brick walls, a table with a vase of flowers, and another person partially visible behind her. Text on the screen reads "SUPERVISING PRODUCER TED COHEN.""
8.0-9.8 seconds: "The image shows two individuals sitting on a brown leather couch in what appears to be a casual setting, possibly a café or diner. The person on the left is dressed in a gray suit with a white shirt and a red patterned tie, leaning back with one arm resting on the back of the couch. The person on the right is wearing a green top and has long dark hair, sitting upright and gesturing with their hands as if engaged in conversation. In the background, there are shelves stocked with various items, including snacks and beverages. Another person is partially visible in the foreground, facing the two seated individuals. The overall atmosphere suggests a relaxed and informal interaction."
9.8-12.2 seconds: "The video clip shows a woman sitting on a couch in a cozy, brick-walled living room. She is wearing a light blue blazer over a white top and has long, straight hair. She appears to be engaged in a conversation, looking slightly to her left with a thoughtful expression. The scene includes another person partially visible in the background, seated on a chair. Text overlays appear at the bottom of the screen, crediting "Teleplay by Gigi McCreery & Perry Rein." The setting suggests a casual, intimate environment, likely from a sitcom or television show."
12.2-13.3 seconds: "The image depicts a scene from a sitcom where three characters are seated on a couch in what appears to be a café setting. The character on the left is a man wearing a gray suit and a red patterned tie, sitting with his legs crossed and looking slightly to his right. In the middle is a woman dressed in a white blazer over a light-colored top, gesturing with her hands as if she is speaking or reacting to something. On the right, another woman is partially visible, holding a gray sweater or jacket. The background includes shelves with various items, suggesting a cozy, casual environment."
13.3-18.7 seconds: "A woman with long blonde hair is sitting on a couch, wearing a light blue blouse. She appears to be engaged in a conversation, looking slightly to her left and then turning her head towards the camera. The background shows a cozy living room setting with brick walls, a table with a vase of flowers, and another person partially visible in the background. Text appears on the screen reading "TELEPLAY BY GIGI MCCREERY & PERRY REIN.""
18.7-27.7 seconds: "The video clip features a scene from a sitcom set in a cozy, brick-walled room with a casual and warm atmosphere. A woman with long blonde hair is seated on a brown armchair, wearing a light blue blazer over a white top and a necklace. She appears to be engaged in a conversation, gesturing with her hands as she speaks. The background includes another person sitting on a couch, dressed in a suit and tie, who seems to be listening attentively. There are also some people standing and moving around in the background, contributing to the lively setting. Text overlays appear at the bottom of the screen, crediting "Supervising Producer Andrew Reich" and "Supervising Producer Ted Cohen." The overall tone is relaxed and conversational."