0.0-1.7 seconds: "[Qwen调用失败: Error code: 400 - {'error': {'code': 'invalid_parameter_error', 'param': None, 'message': '<400> InternalError.Algo.InvalidParameter: The video modality input does not meet the requirements because: The video file is too short.', 'type': 'invalid_request_error'}, 'id': 'chatcmpl-06d398f8-a680-9bdf-ad56-4cdac52766b4', 'request_id': '06d398f8-a680-9bdf-ad56-4cdac52766b4'}]"
1.7-6.2 seconds: "The video clip depicts a scene set in a cozy, warmly lit living room. A man in a suit is standing and gesturing animatedly, while a woman sits on a brown leather couch, facing him. The room is decorated with various items, including shelves filled with books, trophies, and decorative objects. There are also plants, a lamp, and a model sailboat on the wall. The atmosphere suggests a casual yet slightly tense conversation between the two characters."
6.2-11.4 seconds: "A woman with shoulder-length brown hair, wearing a black top and a choker necklace, is engaged in a conversation with a man who is facing her. The man is dressed in a dark suit with a white shirt. They appear to be indoors, with a wooden door and some shelves holding various items, including a stuffed animal and other objects, visible in the background. The woman gestures with her right hand as she speaks."
11.4-16.9 seconds: "The video clip shows a man and a woman engaged in a conversation. The man is dressed in a dark suit with a white shirt and a maroon tie, while the woman has shoulder-length brown hair and is wearing a black top. They appear to be in an indoor setting, possibly a living room or apartment, with various decorations and artwork visible in the background. The man seems to be speaking earnestly, and the woman listens attentively. Another person briefly enters the frame from behind the man, partially obscuring the view of both individuals."
16.9-19.5 seconds: "A woman with shoulder-length brown hair, wearing a black top and a choker necklace, is smiling and looking down slightly. She appears to be engaged in a conversation with a man who is facing her. The man is dressed in a dark suit and white shirt. The setting seems to be indoors, possibly a home or apartment, with a wooden door and some shelves in the background. The overall atmosphere suggests a casual yet intimate interaction."
19.5-21.5 seconds: "The image shows a man and a woman engaged in a conversation indoors. The man is dressed formally in a dark suit, white shirt, and maroon tie. He has short, dark hair and is looking at the woman with a slight smile. The woman, seen from behind, has shoulder-length blonde hair and is wearing a dark top. The background includes various pieces of artwork and decor, suggesting a cozy, possibly residential setting. The overall atmosphere appears casual and friendly."
21.5-23.9 seconds: "The image shows a woman with shoulder-length blonde hair, wearing a black top and a choker necklace. She is smiling slightly and appears to be engaged in a conversation with a man who is facing her. The man is dressed in a dark suit with a white shirt. The setting seems to be indoors, possibly in a room with wooden doors and shelves in the background. The overall atmosphere suggests a casual yet intimate interaction."
23.9-26.8 seconds: "A man in a suit and tie is standing next to a pregnant woman wearing a black dress. They are in a warmly lit room with various decorations, including a model sailboat on the wall and a lamp on a side table. The man gently places his hand on the woman's belly as she looks down at it, smiling. The setting appears cozy and intimate."