0.0-1.3 seconds: "[Qwen调用失败: Error code: 400 - {'error': {'code': 'invalid_parameter_error', 'param': None, 'message': '<400> InternalError.Algo.InvalidParameter: The video modality input does not meet the requirements because: The video file is too short.', 'type': 'invalid_request_error'}, 'id': 'chatcmpl-cc8b3204-50a7-9c90-9137-255358318c3b', 'request_id': 'cc8b3204-50a7-9c90-9137-255358318c3b'}]"
1.3-3.8 seconds: "Two women are engaged in a conversation in an office setting. The woman on the left, with her hair tied up, is holding a blue folder and appears to be explaining something, gesturing with her hand. The woman on the right, wearing a gray blazer over a white shirt, is smiling and listening attentively. As the interaction progresses, both women laugh, indicating a light-hearted or humorous exchange. The background includes office furniture and decor, such as bookshelves and framed pictures."
3.8-5.4 seconds: "A woman is holding a blue folder and smiling while talking to another woman who is facing her. The setting appears to be indoors, with a door and some decorations visible in the background. The woman holding the folder seems to be engaged in a friendly or professional conversation."
5.4-8.4 seconds: "The video clip shows two women in a professional setting, likely an office. The woman on the left, with her back partially turned to the camera, is wearing a black blazer and appears to be speaking while holding some papers or a folder. The woman on the right, facing the camera, is dressed in a gray blazer over a white shirt and has her arms crossed. She listens attentively and then smiles, suggesting a positive or humorous exchange between them. The background includes office furniture, books, and framed pictures, reinforcing the professional environment."
8.4-11.7 seconds: "A woman in a black blazer holding a blue folder is speaking animatedly to another woman who is facing away from the camera. The second woman, wearing a gray blazer, has her back turned and appears to be listening. In the background, there is a mannequin dressed in red lingerie on a wooden stand. The setting seems to be an indoor office or workspace with a door partially visible."
11.7-14.5 seconds: "Two women are engaged in a conversation in an office setting. The woman on the left, with her hair tied up and wearing a black blazer, is holding a clipboard and appears to be speaking. The woman on the right, dressed in a gray blazer over a white shirt, is smiling and listening attentively. The background includes office furniture, books, and framed pictures on the wall."
14.5-16.8 seconds: "The video clip shows two women in an indoor setting. The woman on the left is holding a blue folder and appears to be speaking, while the woman on the right is facing her, seemingly listening. The woman on the left has short, styled hair and is wearing a dark outfit with a necklace. The woman on the right has long, light brown hair and is dressed in a gray blazer. In the background, there is a wooden shelf with various items and a decorative figure of a person in red attire. The setting suggests an office or professional environment."
16.8-17.7 seconds: "The image shows two women engaged in a conversation in what appears to be an office setting. The woman on the left, with her hair styled in an updo, is wearing a black blazer and holding a blue folder. She is facing the other woman, who has long, straight hair and is dressed in a light blue blazer over a white shirt. The background includes bookshelves, framed pictures, and office supplies, suggesting a professional environment. The woman on the right has her arms crossed and appears to be listening or responding to the other woman."