0.0-1.3 seconds: "[Qwen调用失败: Error code: 400 - {'error': {'code': 'invalid_parameter_error', 'param': None, 'message': '<400> InternalError.Algo.InvalidParameter: The video modality input does not meet the requirements because: The video file is too short.', 'type': 'invalid_request_error'}, 'id': 'chatcmpl-f2f204de-4f86-960e-860b-4546a4f005cf', 'request_id': 'f2f204de-4f86-960e-860b-4546a4f005cf'}]"
1.3-3.3 seconds: "The video clip depicts a lively crowd at a sports event, likely a hockey game given the New York Rangers-themed apparel and foam sticks. The audience is animated, with people cheering, clapping, and reacting enthusiastically to the action on the field. Individuals are dressed in various team-related gear, including jerseys, hats, and scarves, showcasing their support. The atmosphere is energetic and communal, with fans of all ages engaged in the excitement of the moment."
3.3-4.6 seconds: "The video depicts a hockey game in progress. A player in a white jersey is skating with the puck near the center of the ice, while several players in black jerseys are positioned around him, attempting to defend. The goalie, also in white, is standing in front of the net, ready for action. The rink has advertisements along the boards, including "MetLife" and "Budweiser." The scene captures a dynamic moment as the offensive player maneuvers with the puck, surrounded by defenders."
4.6-5.5 seconds: "The video clip depicts a lively scene at a hockey game, likely featuring the New York Rangers based on the jerseys and banners. The crowd is animated and engaged, with various individuals displaying different reactions. Some are smiling and cheering, while others appear surprised or focused. A person in a yellow jacket is prominently featured, seemingly reacting to the game with excitement. The atmosphere is energetic, with fans dressed in team colors and holding cameras, capturing the moment. The background includes advertisements and the rink's glass barrier, emphasizing the setting as an indoor sports arena."
5.5-6.6 seconds: "The video clip shows a lively crowd at a sports event, likely a hockey game given the "Rangers" jerseys. The central figure is enthusiastically cheering, wearing a New York Rangers jersey, with others around him also engaged in the excitement—some clapping, others smiling or reacting to the action. The atmosphere is energetic and filled with anticipation."