0.0-1.2 seconds: "[Qwen调用失败: Error code: 400 - {'error': {'code': 'invalid_parameter_error', 'param': None, 'message': '<400> InternalError.Algo.InvalidParameter: The video modality input does not meet the requirements because: The video file is too short.', 'type': 'invalid_request_error'}, 'id': 'chatcmpl-ad3163f5-804c-9b53-bcb9-bb3c39c70bdc', 'request_id': 'ad3163f5-804c-9b53-bcb9-bb3c39c70bdc'}]"
1.2-5.5 seconds: "A man in a beige suit and tie is leaning forward, engaged in conversation with a woman who has blonde hair and is wearing a black top. They are seated indoors, with a window featuring blinds and a patterned wall in the background. The setting appears to be a cozy, well-lit room."
5.5-8.9 seconds: "The video clip shows two individuals engaged in a conversation while seated on a couch. The person on the left, wearing a beige suit, is facing the person on the right, who has shoulder-length blonde hair and is dressed in a dark top. The setting appears to be indoors, with a door and some furniture visible in the background. The second frame captures a moment where the individual in the beige suit looks surprised or shocked, while the other person leans forward, possibly reacting to something unexpected. The overall atmosphere suggests an intense or significant exchange between the two characters."
8.9-12.2 seconds: "A man in a beige suit and tie is leaning forward, engaged in conversation with a woman who has long blonde hair. They are seated on a couch in a warmly lit room with wooden blinds and a patterned blanket in the background. The man appears to be speaking earnestly."
12.2-13.4 seconds: "The image shows two individuals in a living room setting. The person on the left is a man wearing a light-colored suit with a tie, looking surprised or concerned. The person on the right is a woman with long hair, dressed in a dark outfit, who appears to be leaning forward and gesturing with her hand, possibly speaking or reacting to something. The background includes a couch and some home decor, suggesting a casual, indoor environment."
13.4-14.8 seconds: "The image shows two individuals seated closely on a couch in what appears to be a living room setting. The person on the left is dressed in a light brown suit with a tie, looking slightly concerned or surprised. The person on the right has long hair and is leaning forward, covering their mouth with their hand, possibly reacting to something unexpected or shocking. The background includes a brick wall and some furniture, suggesting a casual, indoor environment."
14.8-18.1 seconds: "A woman with shoulder-length blonde hair, wearing a black top, is engaged in a conversation with a man who has short brown hair and is dressed in a beige jacket. They are seated across from each other in a room with a wooden door and a dark-colored couch visible in the background. The woman appears to be speaking animatedly, using hand gestures, while the man listens attentively. The setting suggests an indoor, possibly residential environment."
18.1-21.0 seconds: "The image depicts a scene from a living room where two individuals are engaged in a conversation. The person on the left, dressed in a beige blazer and dark pants, is seated on the armrest of a couch, leaning forward with hands clasped. The person on the right, wearing a black outfit, is sitting in a wicker chair, holding an open magazine or book. The room is warmly lit, featuring wooden furniture, a small table with a mug and books, and various decorative items such as plants and framed pictures. The overall atmosphere suggests a casual and intimate setting."
21.0-23.2 seconds: "A man is sitting on a couch in a living room, wearing a light brown blazer over a blue shirt and tie. He appears to be speaking or reacting to something, with his mouth slightly open and an expressive look on his face. The background includes patterned cushions, a window with blinds, and some decorative items."
23.2-27.1 seconds: "A woman with shoulder-length blonde hair is sitting on a black leather couch, holding an open magazine. She is wearing a black top with ruffled details. She appears to be engaged in a conversation with a man who is facing her, though only the back of his head and shoulders are visible. The man is wearing a light brown jacket. The background includes a wooden door with a gold doorknob. The woman looks at the man while speaking, then turns her attention back to the magazine."
27.1-28.6 seconds: "[Qwen调用失败: Error code: 400 - {'error': {'code': 'invalid_parameter_error', 'param': None, 'message': '<400> InternalError.Algo.InvalidParameter: The video modality input does not meet the requirements because: The video file is too short.', 'type': 'invalid_request_error'}, 'id': 'chatcmpl-3b58ac6b-d6db-99b5-b0c3-5d65688a6e3b', 'request_id': '3b58ac6b-d6db-99b5-b0c3-5d65688a6e3b'}]"
28.6-34.9 seconds: "In a cozy, warmly lit living room filled with eclectic decor, a man in a beige suit and tie approaches a woman seated on a wicker chair. He gestures animatedly as he speaks, then sits down on the armrest of a leather couch beside her. They hold hands, engaging in an earnest conversation. The room is adorned with various items, including books, framed pictures, a model sailboat, and other decorative objects, creating a lived-in and personal atmosphere."
34.9-38.7 seconds: "The video clip shows two individuals seated on a couch in what appears to be a living room setting. The person on the left, dressed in a light brown suit with a blue shirt and striped tie, is engaged in conversation with the person on the right, who has shoulder-length blonde hair and is wearing a dark top. The background includes a window with blinds, a brick wall, and some furniture, suggesting a cozy indoor environment. The interaction seems to involve a serious or focused discussion."
38.7-43.2 seconds: "In the video clip, a man and a woman are in a warmly decorated living room. The woman, dressed in black, is holding a rolled-up item, possibly a poster or a map. The man, wearing a beige suit and tie, is carrying a black bag. They walk towards a chair, and as he places the bag on it, she bends down to pick something up from the floor. The room is furnished with a leather couch, a wooden coffee table, and various decorative items such as framed pictures, sculptures, and plants. The atmosphere suggests a casual yet organized living space."
43.2-45.2 seconds: "The video clip shows two individuals sitting closely together on a couch in what appears to be a cozy, indoor setting. The person on the left has blonde hair and is wearing a black top, while the person on the right also has blonde hair and is dressed in a dark outfit. They seem to be engaged in a conversation or interaction, with the person on the left gesturing with their hands. In the background, there is a wooden shelf filled with various items, including books and other objects, contributing to the warm and lived-in atmosphere of the room. Another individual is partially visible on the far left side of the frame, suggesting that they might be part of the ongoing interaction."
45.2-59.8 seconds: "A man in a beige suit and striped tie is standing indoors, gesturing with his hands as he speaks. He appears to be explaining or emphasizing something, using expressive hand movements. The background features wooden blinds and a wall-mounted light fixture. His facial expressions change slightly as he talks, indicating engagement in the conversation."
59.8-65.3 seconds: "A woman with blonde hair, wearing a black top, is in an elevator. She appears to be excited or surprised, extending her arms outward. She then turns and greets a man in a beige suit with a handshake and a hug. They continue to talk as the elevator doors open, revealing a hallway with a bulletin board and a door in the background. The woman holds a book or magazine in her hand while they converse."
65.3-66.0 seconds: "The image shows three individuals in an indoor setting, likely a hallway or office environment. The person on the left is partially visible with their back turned. The central figure is holding a magazine and appears to be engaged in conversation, while the person on the right, dressed in a suit and tie, is also part of the interaction. The background includes wooden doors and shelves, suggesting a professional or casual workspace. The overall atmosphere seems to be light-hearted or conversational."
66.0-70.7 seconds: "A man in a light brown suit and striped tie stands in a doorway, speaking to a woman with blonde hair who is facing away from the camera. The setting appears to be an indoor hallway with a wooden door and a decorative wall piece visible in the background. The man gestures slightly with his hands as he talks."
70.7-71.3 seconds: "The image depicts a scene from a television show where a woman with blonde hair, wearing a brown blazer and holding a small booklet or card, appears to be engaged in a conversation. She is standing among other people in what looks like an indoor setting, possibly a café or office. The individuals around her are dressed in casual and semi-formal attire, suggesting a relaxed yet professional environment. The overall atmosphere seems to involve a discussion or interaction among the characters."
71.3-75.6 seconds: "A man in a light brown suit and striped tie is engaged in a conversation with a woman who has long blonde hair. The man appears to be speaking, as his mouth moves and he gestures slightly with his hand. The setting seems to be indoors, possibly an office or hallway, with plain walls in the background."
75.6-77.5 seconds: "The video clip shows a woman with shoulder-length blonde hair standing in a hallway. She is wearing a black outfit with a jacket that has decorative buttons on the side. Her expression appears to be one of concern or contemplation as she looks off to the side. A man in a light brown suit and blue shirt walks past her, moving from right to left in the frame. The background is a plain wall with a door partially visible on the left side. The overall setting suggests an indoor environment, possibly an office or apartment building."
77.5-83.7 seconds: "A man in a beige suit and tie enters an apartment, pulling a suitcase behind him. He appears to be in a hurry, gesturing with his hands as he speaks. A woman in a black outfit, holding a magazine and a bag, follows him into the apartment. The room is decorated with various items, including a painting of a person meditating, a lamp, and shelves with decorative objects. The man continues to speak animatedly as he walks further into the room, while the woman looks around."
83.7-85.5 seconds: "A man in a light brown suit and striped tie stands in a doorway, looking slightly to his left with a subtle smile. A woman with blonde hair, wearing a black top, is partially visible on the left side of the frame, holding some papers and facing the man. The background includes a wooden door with metal rivets and a wall with a decorative element."
85.5-85.9 seconds: "[Qwen调用失败: Error code: 400 - {'error': {'code': 'invalid_parameter_error', 'param': None, 'message': '<400> InternalError.Algo.InvalidParameter: Invalid video file.', 'type': 'invalid_request_error'}, 'id': 'chatcmpl-8727932d-611f-94b8-8a49-5703cc44704a', 'request_id': '8727932d-611f-94b8-8a49-5703cc44704a'}]"