0.0-1.6 seconds: "[Qwen调用失败: Error code: 400 - {'error': {'code': 'invalid_parameter_error', 'param': None, 'message': '<400> InternalError.Algo.InvalidParameter: The video modality input does not meet the requirements because: The video file is too short.', 'type': 'invalid_request_error'}, 'id': 'chatcmpl-17c18b9b-33c9-9d28-a144-50681ad0acaf', 'request_id': '17c18b9b-33c9-9d28-a144-50681ad0acaf'}]"
1.6-5.7 seconds: "The video clip shows a man standing in a room with his arms crossed, wearing a gray long-sleeve shirt. He appears to be engaged in a conversation, looking slightly off-camera with a somewhat serious or contemplative expression. The background includes posters on the wall, a microwave with various items on top, and part of a bed visible through an open doorway. Text appears on the screen identifying "Executive Producer Scott Silveri." Another person with blonde hair, partially visible from behind, is also present in the scene."
5.7-10.3 seconds: "The video clip shows a scene in a kitchen where three individuals are interacting. One person, wearing a gray sweater, is facing two others. The person on the right, dressed in a red outfit with long blonde hair, is smiling and appears to be speaking or reacting to something. This individual then playfully slaps the person in the gray sweater on the back of the head. The third person, partially visible behind the one in red, is also smiling. The background includes a refrigerator adorned with various magnets and a poster on the wall. Text overlay credits "CO-EXECUTIVE PRODUCER TODD STEVENS.""
10.3-15.3 seconds: "The video clip shows two individuals in a kitchen setting. One person, dressed in a red outfit, is gesturing with their hands while speaking to the other person, who is wearing a gray sweatshirt and holding a bottle. The kitchen has a microwave on the counter, a stove with a kettle, and various kitchen items scattered around. The scene appears to be from a sitcom, as indicated by the text overlay that reads "CO-EXECUTIVE PRODUCER TED COHEN." The overall atmosphere suggests a casual, everyday interaction."